I'd like to officially announce that Alice is not just my secretary, but she used my wife.
And if any of you would like to resign today, I'm not going to stop you.
Reading a journal. Maybe I should just resign. It's not like we're getting divorced.
I'd miss you so much. You'll see me every day.
Come on. I want to see you every moment. I actually have this whole entire thing planned out, right?
Davis, company vet. A lot of shares. Today, his actions prove that he's impulsive, right? I'm going
to use this opportunity to buy out his shares. Hey, I should be thanking you. You're not just
saying that to make you feel better, are you? No. Hey, of course not. Look, grandpa's birthday,
day after tomorrow. They're going to be attending. Oh, that's my wife. So look, I think you should
start thinking about, really, really thinking about what you're going to wear. Dad?
Daddy, is it truly him excepted your resignation?